apart from keyword targeting your ad
copy is the single most important factor
which determines whether your google ads
campaign will be a money making lead
generating machine or if it will just be
a big money draining waste of time and
this is because when someone sees your
ad they don't just see your ad they also
see your competitors ads they then also
see google map listings and then the
organic results so that one single
search in google ads creates a whole
multitude of different options and
different ads and different listings
that the user can click on so your ad
copy needs to be very compelling and
give the user a reason to click on your
ad and not your competitors ad and not
the google maps listing or not the top
organic ranking so for your ads to be a
success in your google ads search
campaign your ads need to have these two
core elements firstly your ads need to
have ad copy that google likes and by
this i mean that your ad copy matches
the actual keyword that the user
searched for and this is because google
rewards ads which actually have an ad
copy that matches the user's searcher
intent so if the searcher searches for a
term buy black hats your ad will get
rewarded by google if you include that
specific term buy men's black hats and
the second thing is is that your ad copy
needs to have something that the user
likes and what i mean by that is that
you need to give the user a compelling
reason to click on your ad think about
it what reason are you giving them to
click on your ad as opposed to your
competitors ads or that google map
listing or that top number one organic
ranking your ad copy has to screen click
me so that the user has no other option
except to click on your ad so in this
video i'm going to show you the current
three best practices that you need to be
including in each of your ads so that
you can see success with your google ads
campaign and these are strategies that
have been tested and are proven to show
a higher click-through ratio and a
higher conversion rate in google ads for
your campaign if we haven't met yet my
name is aaron young and i'm your 15 000
google ads master the two core elements
that you need to look at when you're
writing your ad copy for your google ads
is firstly you need to look at what
google likes and by this we actually
mean a keyword focus and the reason for
why this is so important is because
keyword focus has been shown to improve
your click-through ratio as people see
what they are actually searching and on
top of that google also includes keyword
focus in their ad quality score meaning
that if your ad copy actually matches
what the user searched for google is
going to reward your ad and it's going
to be easier to rank in that position 1
and position 2. but it's important to be
clear that for successful ads in google
ads and for successful ad copywriting
you don't only need to focus on what
google likes because you also need to
focus on what the user likes i am
totally committed to your process of
making sure that your ad copy is
something that google likes in that it
matches the algorithm in that it's
giving google what it actually wants to
show and display to people however where
most ads fail down is that they're too
robotic and there's no point getting an
ad that gets shown all the time if
people actually don't click on it and
this is why you need to balance it out
and not only write your ads for
something that google likes is that you
need to also write your ads in a way
that you know that users are going to
like your ad and respond to your ad and
the two key elements that you need to
include for users is a strong call to
action and by this we want to be really
clear what do you want them to do today
if you want them to give you a call make
that very clear in your ad if you want
them to book online make that very clear
on your ad and then the second thing in
your call to action is you need to
actually give them a reason so what
benefit will they get by clicking on
your ad today if you're running a sale
make that very clear in the ad copy if
there's a unique selling point that your
product has that no other product has
make that very clear in your ad you need
to make those options very very clear
because there's no point having a killer
landing page if they never get there
because they don't click on your ad and
the third thing is and this is probably
the most underutilized skill in google
ads ad copy is that you need to use
emotional triggers in your ad copy you
need to arouse curiosity you need to
give some amusement can you make them
laugh can you even make them feel
sadness or or anger or fear the biggest
issue i see with most google ads ad
copywriting is that it's too robotic
it's purely focused on keyword focus and
there is no emotional triggers or
chordal actions which compel people to
click on your ads what i want to do now
is actually show you some examples of my
historically best performing ad copies
and number one at the top of the list is
this one right here and you can see
right here right from the start we've
got that keyword focus in one bedroom
seminar villa and then our call to
action is that there's a sale on now
we're letting them know that there's a
45 cell on and then this last one and
this has been the absolute knockout home
run for us is that in our ad copy we
were able to create some curiosity and
humor by saying that you can skinny dip
in your own pool and this ad copy works
so well because it posed that question
in people's mind i get to skinny dip on
my own holiday and once we started to
show this ad we're actually getting
email inquiries of people actually
emailing and saying look just confirming
i can skinny dip in my own pool and this
is how we knew that we had so much cut
through because in this space everyone
was just talking about discounts but we
were able to stand out from the crowd by
just putting something in a little bit
fun saying hey stay with us because you
can skinny dip in your own pool and be
honest who doesn't like a good skinny
dip on holidays and then another way
that we created emotion in our ads is
once again we had another ad which had a
strong keyword focus luxury seminar
villas but in this ad we were able to
actually pull on that fear emotion with
this last headline of guaranteed best
price and what this actually did is it
actually removed the fear with a
guarantee as you may be aware in the
hotel space there is a lot of different
third-party sites and your industry may
also have some third-party large booking
sites or large sales sites and one of
the core ways that you can actually
combat that is by removing that fear by
giving a guaranteed best price if they
book direct through you or if they buy
your product direct through you rather
than going to a reseller or a retailer
and then this last one we've also seen
work really really well which is once
again just that strong call to action
coupled with the keyword focus and in
this one we just sold it all saying sail
on now save up to 45 so to increase your
click-through ratios and your conversion
rates in your google ads campaign when
you're writing your ad copy make sure
that you're not only focusing on that
keyword focus remember those other core
elements that you need to include you
need to have that strong call to action
give them a reason to click on your ad
when you're writing your ad copy always
be thinking what reason am i giving the
user to click on my ad as opposed to my
competitors ad and then finally don't
forget that core element that a lot of
people forget is don't make your ads too
robotic have some fun with it where can
you push the boundaries look to see what
emotion you can trigger can you make
them laugh so that's my challenge to you
dump that robotic ad copy make it fun
build some emotion and also build some
fear and i guarantee you will start
seeing some greater results in your
google ads campaign so why don't you try
that in your own google ads campaign and
even let me know in the comment section
below what emotional triggers you're
going to start adding into your google
ads ad copy and just in case you don't
know on june 30 this year google ads is
bringing in a massive change in that
they're switching over to responsive
search ads so that you'll no longer be
allowed to use expanded text ads and
since this was announced about six
months ago i've been running some
different split tests and strategy
testing in over 50 different google ads
accounts and these google ads accounts
were based in all different countries
and all different business types and all
different niches and in this video right
here i actually take you through those
results and show you not only how to set
up your responsive search ads correctly
but how you can complete real data split
testing with your google ads ad copies
thank you again for joining me and i
look forward to seeing you on our next
video